[Music]
cabo pulmo is the perfect example of
what nature would be like if we knew how
to really figure of it
[Music]
the mission that we have now with the
ombres they stacked several different
species of sharks we're deploying
acoustic coded tag as soon as the shark
approaches the receivers we know that
how long the shark has been here how
long it went somewhere else he came back
[Music]
it's funny cuz everybody's like oh you
work with sharks that's so cool
and I'm like yeah it's totally cool but
what you need to understand is sometimes
you don't see anything
pegging shocks can often be extremely
difficult what we were lucky to find was
a whale shark that was about the perfect
size for us to tag
[Music]
we found the perfect shagging was
beating me without the surface for a few
minutes I got very close to it I shot
and it was perfect
the youth Cortez well-known aggregations
like the whale sharks but we've just got
no idea where they go after they leave
here unless we can protect those
migration corridors individual locations
are not going to mean much so now that
we have a tag attached to that whale
shark it becomes an ambassador for well
sharks globally
we are getting to know why the Sharks
are here we want to give the Mexican
government all the tools that they need
to protect these specific people not
just about having one nice pot you learn
that everything absolutely everything is
connected
[Music]
when you feel this huge ball of maybe a
thousand jacks in front of you it means
that we are doing the things correctly
in our culture my family's been here for
more than hundred years this part of the
ocean I feel in my heart it's like a
part of my body without this I don't
know when I'm gonna do 500 million
people depend on protein in the ocean
for their livelihood we have to get
people to understand that they are and
something is connected to the ocean no
matter where they are
[Music]